README.md, before:

# Overview

The `pcsync` and `pcwatch` utilities allow editing copies of
JavaScript and other textual files of a PlayCanvas project
locally on your own computer, in a text editor of your choice.

`pcsync` also allows pushing and pulling of [non-text files](#using-pcsync-for-non-text-files), such as
images and models.

In addition, if your project has a file called [`pcignore.txt`](#the-pcignoretxt-file),
PlayCanvas merge will not affect the files listed in it,
and the operation of `pcsync` and `pcwatch` will be restricted only to those files.

`pcsync` is used to push or pull one or all files to or from PlayCanvas
(overwriting existing files with the same name/path) 
and to compare one or all local files to their 
remote (PlayCanvas) versions.
 
`pcwatch` detects changes to local files and folders (edits, removals and creation)
as they happen and applies them to PlayCanvas in real time.

If you do not need your local changes pushed to PlayCanvas "as you type",
you do not have to use `pcwatch`. Running `pcsync pushAll` periodically can be
sufficient.

Only the `pcsync pull` and `pcsync pullAll` commands can change 
local files. Other `pcsync` commands and `pcwatch`
change only remote files. Thus your local
directory holds the authoritative version of your textual files.

The only scenario we do not support is when developer A uses `pcwatch`,
while developer B is editing files of the *same PlayCanvas branch* in the 
browser code editor. B's work will be overwritten by A, if they edit
the same file. Either B should start using local files, or A should stop `pcwatch` and
switch to the browser code editor.

# The `pcsync` Utility

`pcsync` has the following commands:

```
  diffAll                     compare all local and remote files and folders
  diff <filePath>             show line-by-line diff of the remote and local files at
                              filePath
  pullAll                     download all remote files, overwriting their local
                              counterparts
  pushAll                     upload all local files, overwriting their remote counterparts
  pull <filePath>             download remote file, creating local folders if needed
  push <filePath>             upload local file, creating remote folders if needed
  rename <oldPath> <newPath>  rename remote file or folder, change its parent folder if
                              needed
  rm <filePath>               remove remote file or folder
  parseIgnore                 list assets matched by pcignore.txt
```

To automatically answer "yes" to any prompts that might print
on the command line from `pushAll` or `pullAll` commands, simply supply `-y` or `--yes` arguments:

```
pcsync pushAll -y
```

A local directory [designated](#config-variables) as `PLAYCANVAS_TARGET_DIR`
corresponds to the root of the PlayCanvas file and folder asset hierarchy.

All file and folder paths passed to `pcsync` as arguments
should be relative to this root and use forward slashes even on Windows, e.g.

```
pcsync rename dir1/file1.js file1.js
```

will move `file1.js` to the root asset directory.

# The `pcwatch` Utility

`pcwatch` does not need any options.

Moving or renaming a file or a folder
will appear to `pcwatch` as a `remove + create`. In such cases it may be better to
stop `pcwatch`, perform the opearation locally, apply it to PlayCanvas with
`pcsync rename`, and start `pcwatch` again.

# Adding New Files as Script Components

Assume file F was  created locally
and pushed to PlayCanvas with `pcsync` or `pcwatch`, and
now you are adding F as a script component to an entity in PlayCanvas Editor.

Note that it will take a second or two for F to appear in the dropdown list, because
F is parsed by the editor for the first time when that list is populated 
(we may add some progress indication for that).

# The `pcignore.txt` File

If your project has a file called `pcignore.txt` in the root folder, any file 
listed there will be the same before and after a PlayCanvas merge.

The operation of `pcsync` and `pcwatch` is restricted to the files listed in `pcignore.txt`,
if `pcignore.txt` exists. This ensures that the set of files managed locally
exactly matches the set ignored by PlayCanvas merge, which is appropriate
for most workflows. 

To make `pcsync` and `pcwatch` work with more files than listed in `pcignore.txt`,
use the `PLAYCANVAS_INCLUDE_REG` config variable, which is a regular expression to
test each file's path from the root of the asset hierarchy.

Before a PlayCanvas merge, make sure that the latest checkpoint of the destination
branch is taken after `pcignore.txt` was added.

If you are using git for your textual files, 
you can perform a git merge before a PlayCanvas merge of the
corresponding branches, push the result to the PlayCanvas destination branch,
and then perform a PlayCanvas merge. 

## `pcignore.txt` Syntax

`pcignore.txt` consists of one or more lines, each of which is
either a path (with the same syntax as .gitignore), or one of the following:

```
ignore_all_textual_files
ignore_all_js_files
ignore_all_files_with_extension <extension1,extension2,...>
ignore_regexp <regexp string>
source_branch_wins
```

`ignore_all_textual_files` is the most common choice.

`source_branch_wins` (included once anywhere) changes the PlayCanvas merge behavior:
instead of keeping items matching `pcignore.txt` as is (in the destination branch), 
the merge result will now include the versions of the corresponding 
items (if present) from the source branch.

Multiple `ignore_regexp` lines can be provided. Any textual asset whose 
path from the root of the asset hierarchy
matches an `ignore_regexp` expression will be ignored.

To check your `pcignore.txt` syntax, you can run `pcsync parseIgnore`.
It will list all existing files that match your current `pcignore.txt`.

Use a space and not * or ? to match a space in a file or folder name in gitignore lines.

# Using `pcsync` for Non-text Files

`push`, `pull` (single file) and `rm` work with non-text file arguments without any special options.

`pushAll`, `pullAll` and `diffAll` have two options that make them work with matching
files only, including non-text (without one of these options `pcsync` only works with textual files):

```
  -e, --ext <extensions>  handle files with provided extensions
  -r, --regexp <regexp>   handle files matching the provided regular expression
```

For instance:

```
pcsync diffAll -e jpeg,png
pcsync pushAll -r "\\.(png|jpeg)"
```

The regular expression tests each file's path from the root.

# Installation

Use a recent stable version of `node`. We recommend using `nvm`.

Download or clone https://github.com/playcanvas/playcanvas-sync

On a Mac, install Command Line Tools. On Catalina, you may also need:
```
sudo xcode-select -s /Applications/Xcode.app/Contents/Developer
```

From the `playcanvas-sync` folder run:

```
npm install
```

Now [set your config variables](#config-variables) and you can
use the tool from this folder, e.g.

```
node pcwatch.js diffAll
```

or install it globally with:

```
npm install -g
```

To uninstall globally, run

```
npm uninstall -g
```

(all from the `playcanvas-sync` folder).

# Config Variables

Config variables can be set 
in a file called `.pcconfig` in your home directory,
in `pcconfig.json` in your target directory
(and your remote PlayCanvas branch),
or provided as environment variables (which would have the highest precedence).

Sample config file:

```
{
  "PLAYCANVAS_BRANCH_ID": "abc",
  "PLAYCANVAS_PROJECT_ID": 10,
  "PLAYCANVAS_TARGET_DIR": "/Users/zpaul/proj1",
  "PLAYCANVAS_API_KEY": "abc",
  "PLAYCANVAS_BAD_FILE_REG": "^\\.|~$",
  "PLAYCANVAS_BAD_FOLDER_REG": "\\."
}
```

You can get your api key (token) from your PlayCanvas account page
(playcanvas.com/&lt;username&gt;/account).

You can use 

```
copy({
  PLAYCANVAS_BRANCH_ID: config.self.branch.id,
  PLAYCANVAS_PROJECT_ID: config.project.id
})
```

from the Chrome Developer Tools console (on the PlayCanvas Editor page) 
to copy your branch and project id to the clipboard.

Alternatively, you can get your branch id from the
Version Control Panel of the PlayCanvas Editor, and
your project id from its home page url, e.g.
for `playcanvas.com/project/10/overview/test_proj` the id is 10.

All listed key-value pairs are necessary. You can keep 
some of them in `.pcconfig` in your home directory,
and others in `pcconfig.json` in your project.

Backslash characters should be written as `\\` (escaped).

# Files and Folders to Exclude

Many text editors and operating systems
create local auxiliary files and directories,
that do not need to be automatically pushed to PlayCanvas.

`PLAYCANVAS_BAD_FILE_REG` and `PLAYCANVAS_BAD_FOLDER_REG` contain RegExp strings (note the
escapes) that tell `pcwatch` which files and directories to
ignore. In our sample `.pcconfig`, a bad file has a name that starts
with a dot or ends with `~`.
A bad folder is one that has a dot anywhere in its path relative 
to `PLAYCANVAS_TARGET_DIR`. The expressions provided are sufficient in most cases,
and you can simply copy them into your `.pcconfig`.

To determine which auxiliary files and folders your OS and text editor
create, run `pcwatch` with config/environment variables
`PLAYCANVAS_DRY_RUN` and `PLAYCANVAS_VERBOSE` set to `1`, and create/edit some files.

`pcwatch` output will show all file system events as they happen,
and which of them will be filtered out by your current 
`PLAYCANVAS_BAD_FILE_REG` and `PLAYCANVAS_BAD_FOLDER_REG`.

If in your case no bad files and folders exist, use a string like
`"matchNothing"` as the value of `PLAYCANVAS_BAD_FILE_REG` 
and/or `PLAYCANVAS_BAD_FOLDER_REG`.

# Troubleshooting

Problems are often caused by setting config variables incorrectly.
Execute your command with the config/environment variable `PLAYCANVAS_VERBOSE` set to `1`
to print the current values of all config variables and other useful data.

# Sample Workflows

## Case 1: Single user per PlayCanvas branch, with `git`

* Create your own PlayCanvas branch of your team's project
* Create a git branch for your work, and make it your local target directory
* Create a [`pcignore.txt`](#the-pcignoretxt-file) file, listing all files 
you intend to keep in git, create a PlayCanvas checkpoint that includes your `pcignore.txt`
* Launch `pcwatch`
* Start editing/creating files locally in your own text editor
* When necessary, merge in `git` the branch of another group member into your branch 
* Use `pcsync pushAll` to update your remote branch after git merge
* Merge the same branches in PlayCanvas
* Use `pcsync diffAll` to verify that local and remote files are still in sync

## Case 2: Multiple users working on the same PlayCanvas branch, with `git`
 
Most items from Case 1 apply, also:
 
* Periodically run `pcsync diffAll`. It is usually OK to see extra remote files 
(coming from other team members). If you notice that a remote file 
is different from your local file, consider a `git` merge to include your
team member's changes into your `git` branch, resolve conflicts in `git`, if any, as usual.
* Avoid `pcsync pull/pullAll`. To get others' files/changes into your branch, 
use `git` merge instead to maintain an accurate `git` history of edits to each file 
(who added what).
 
## Case 3: Single user per PlayCanvas branch, without `git`

* Run `pcsync pullAll` to download existing textual files 
from PlayCanvas
* Launch `pcwatch`
* Start editing/creating files locally in your own text editor

To merge changes from another PlayCanvas branch into your branch without `git`:

* Stop `pcwatch`
* Run `pcsync diffAll`, and, if necessary, `pcsync push/pushAll` to
make sure the PlayCanvas version is up-to-date.
* Perform merge in PlayCanvas
* Use `pcsync pullAll` to download the merge result

# Using TypeScript

## TypeScript Bindings

You can build TypeScript Bindings from the PlayCanvas engine repo (branch `stable`)
as mentioned in the [instructions here](https://github.com/playcanvas/engine):

```
npm run tsd
```

This will generate the file `build/output/playcanvas.d.ts` in your engine folder.

## TypeScript Workflow

TypeScript source files are usually compiled into a single JavaScript file, which is
then used in a PlayCanvas project.

This JavaScript file can be added to your [`pcignore.txt`](#the-pcignoretxt-file)
to prevent PlayCanvas merge from reporting conflicts in it.

If you are storing your TypeScript source files in git, there is no need
to include them in your PlayCanvas project.
 
# Setting up Visual Studio Code for local editing on Mac

Copy the file `playcanvas.d.ts` with [TypeScript bindings for the PlayCanvas engine](#typescript-bindings) to 
a folder called `typings` in your target directory.

Create a `jsconfig.json` file in your target directory with the following content:

```
{
    "compilerOptions": {
        "target": "ES5",
        "module": "commonjs",
        "files": [
            "typings/playcanvas.d.ts"
        ]
    }
}
```

Your folder structure should look like this:

![](src/readme-imgs/vscode-target-directory-file-structure.png)

Add `jsconfig.json` and `typings` to `PLAYCANVAS_BAD_FILE_REG` and `PLAYCANVAS_BAD_FOLDER_REG`, e.g.

```
"PLAYCANVAS_BAD_FILE_REG": "^\\.|~$|jsconfig.json",
"PLAYCANVAS_BAD_FOLDER_REG": "^\\.|typings"
```

Now you are ready to start using `pcsync` and `pcwatch` 
to sync your PlayCanvas project and edit with VS Code goodness 🚀

![](src/readme-imgs/vs-code-demo.gif)

Commit message:

Readme on target dir var, minor edits for the new 'yes' flag (#21)
* refactor yes to prompts

* readme on target dir

* edit readme

README.md, after:

# Overview

The `pcsync` and `pcwatch` utilities allow editing copies of
JavaScript and other textual files of a PlayCanvas project
locally on your own computer, in a text editor of your choice.

`pcsync` also allows pushing and pulling of [non-text files](#using-pcsync-for-non-text-files), such as
images and models.

In addition, if your project has a file called [`pcignore.txt`](#the-pcignoretxt-file),
PlayCanvas merge will not affect the files listed in it,
and the operation of `pcsync` and `pcwatch` will be restricted only to those files.

`pcsync` is used to push or pull one or all files to or from PlayCanvas
(overwriting existing files with the same name/path) 
and to compare one or all local files to their 
remote (PlayCanvas) versions.
 
`pcwatch` detects changes to local files and folders (edits, removals and creation)
as they happen and applies them to PlayCanvas in real time.

If you do not need your local changes pushed to PlayCanvas "as you type",
you do not have to use `pcwatch`. Running `pcsync pushAll` periodically can be
sufficient.

Only the `pcsync pull` and `pcsync pullAll` commands can change 
local files. Other `pcsync` commands and `pcwatch`
change only remote files. Thus your local
directory holds the authoritative version of your textual files.

The only scenario we do not support is when developer A uses `pcwatch`,
while developer B is editing files of the *same PlayCanvas branch* in the 
browser code editor. B's work will be overwritten by A, if they edit
the same file. Either B should start using local files, or A should stop `pcwatch` and
switch to the browser code editor.

# The `pcsync` Utility

`pcsync` has the following commands:

```
  diffAll                     compare all local and remote files and folders
  diff <filePath>             show line-by-line diff of the remote and local files at
                              filePath
  pullAll                     download all remote files, overwriting their local
                              counterparts
  pushAll                     upload all local files, overwriting their remote counterparts
  pull <filePath>             download remote file, creating local folders if needed
  push <filePath>             upload local file, creating remote folders if needed
  rename <oldPath> <newPath>  rename remote file or folder, change its parent folder if
                              needed
  rm <filePath>               remove remote file or folder
  parseIgnore                 list assets matched by pcignore.txt
```

`pushAll` and `pullAll` accept an optional `-y` or `--yes` flag to
automatically answer "yes" to confirmation prompts.

A local directory [designated](#config-variables) as `PLAYCANVAS_TARGET_DIR`
corresponds to the root of the PlayCanvas file and folder asset hierarchy.

All file and folder paths passed to `pcsync` as arguments
should be relative to this root and use forward slashes even on Windows, e.g.

```
pcsync rename dir1/file1.js file1.js
```

will move `file1.js` to the root asset directory.

# The `pcwatch` Utility

`pcwatch` does not need any options.

Moving or renaming a file or a folder
will appear to `pcwatch` as a `remove + create`. In such cases it may be better to
stop `pcwatch`, perform the opearation locally, apply it to PlayCanvas with
`pcsync rename`, and start `pcwatch` again.

# Adding New Files as Script Components

Assume file F was  created locally
and pushed to PlayCanvas with `pcsync` or `pcwatch`, and
now you are adding F as a script component to an entity in PlayCanvas Editor.

Note that it will take a second or two for F to appear in the dropdown list, because
F is parsed by the editor for the first time when that list is populated 
(we may add some progress indication for that).

# The `pcignore.txt` File

If your project has a file called `pcignore.txt` in the root folder, any file 
listed there will be the same before and after a PlayCanvas merge.

The operation of `pcsync` and `pcwatch` is restricted to the files listed in `pcignore.txt`,
if `pcignore.txt` exists. This ensures that the set of files managed locally
exactly matches the set ignored by PlayCanvas merge, which is appropriate
for most workflows. 

To make `pcsync` and `pcwatch` work with more files than listed in `pcignore.txt`,
use the `PLAYCANVAS_INCLUDE_REG` config variable, which is a regular expression to
test each file's path from the root of the asset hierarchy.

Before a PlayCanvas merge, make sure that the latest checkpoint of the destination
branch is taken after `pcignore.txt` was added.

If you are using git for your textual files, 
you can perform a git merge before a PlayCanvas merge of the
corresponding branches, push the result to the PlayCanvas destination branch,
and then perform a PlayCanvas merge. 

## `pcignore.txt` Syntax

`pcignore.txt` consists of one or more lines, each of which is
either a path (with the same syntax as .gitignore), or one of the following:

```
ignore_all_textual_files
ignore_all_js_files
ignore_all_files_with_extension <extension1,extension2,...>
ignore_regexp <regexp string>
source_branch_wins
```

`ignore_all_textual_files` is the most common choice.

`source_branch_wins` (included once anywhere) changes the PlayCanvas merge behavior:
instead of keeping items matching `pcignore.txt` as is (in the destination branch), 
the merge result will now include the versions of the corresponding 
items (if present) from the source branch.

Multiple `ignore_regexp` lines can be provided. Any textual asset whose 
path from the root of the asset hierarchy
matches an `ignore_regexp` expression will be ignored.

To check your `pcignore.txt` syntax, you can run `pcsync parseIgnore`.
It will list all existing files that match your current `pcignore.txt`.

Use a space and not * or ? to match a space in a file or folder name in gitignore lines.

# Using `pcsync` for Non-text Files

`push`, `pull` (single file) and `rm` work with non-text file arguments without any special options.

`pushAll`, `pullAll` and `diffAll` have two options that make them work with matching
files only, including non-text (without one of these options `pcsync` only works with textual files):

```
  -e, --ext <extensions>  handle files with provided extensions
  -r, --regexp <regexp>   handle files matching the provided regular expression
```

For instance:

```
pcsync diffAll -e jpeg,png
pcsync pushAll -r "\\.(png|jpeg)"
```

The regular expression tests each file's path from the root.

# Installation

Use a recent stable version of `node`. We recommend using `nvm`.

Download or clone https://github.com/playcanvas/playcanvas-sync

On a Mac, install Command Line Tools. On Catalina, you may also need:
```
sudo xcode-select -s /Applications/Xcode.app/Contents/Developer
```

From the `playcanvas-sync` folder run:

```
npm install
```

Now [set your config variables](#config-variables) and you can
use the tool from this folder, e.g.

```
node pcwatch.js diffAll
```

or install it globally with:

```
npm install -g
```

To uninstall globally, run

```
npm uninstall -g
```

(all from the `playcanvas-sync` folder).

# Config Variables

Config variables can be set 
in a file called `.pcconfig` in your home directory,
in `pcconfig.json` in your target directory
(and your remote PlayCanvas branch),
or provided as environment variables (which would have the highest precedence).

Sample config file:

```
{
  "PLAYCANVAS_BRANCH_ID": "abc",
  "PLAYCANVAS_PROJECT_ID": 10,
  "PLAYCANVAS_TARGET_DIR": "/Users/zpaul/proj1",
  "PLAYCANVAS_API_KEY": "abc",
  "PLAYCANVAS_BAD_FILE_REG": "^\\.|~$",
  "PLAYCANVAS_BAD_FOLDER_REG": "\\."
}
```

You can get your api key (token) from your PlayCanvas account page
(playcanvas.com/&lt;username&gt;/account).

You can use 

```
copy({
  PLAYCANVAS_BRANCH_ID: config.self.branch.id,
  PLAYCANVAS_PROJECT_ID: config.project.id
})
```

from the Chrome Developer Tools console (on the PlayCanvas Editor page) 
to copy your branch and project id to the clipboard.

Alternatively, you can get your branch id from the
Version Control Panel of the PlayCanvas Editor, and
your project id from its home page url, e.g.
for `playcanvas.com/project/10/overview/test_proj` the id is 10.

All listed key-value pairs are necessary. You can split them between
`.pcconfig` (in your home directory), `pcconfig.json` (in your project target directory),
and environment variables. `PLAYCANVAS_TARGET_DIR` cannot be set in `pcconfig.json`.

Backslash characters should be written as `\\` (escaped).

# Files and Folders to Exclude

Many text editors and operating systems
create local auxiliary files and directories,
that do not need to be automatically pushed to PlayCanvas.

`PLAYCANVAS_BAD_FILE_REG` and `PLAYCANVAS_BAD_FOLDER_REG` contain RegExp strings (note the
escapes) that tell `pcwatch` which files and directories to
ignore. In our sample `.pcconfig`, a bad file has a name that starts
with a dot or ends with `~`.
A bad folder is one that has a dot anywhere in its path relative 
to `PLAYCANVAS_TARGET_DIR`. The expressions provided are sufficient in most cases,
and you can simply copy them into your `.pcconfig`.

To determine which auxiliary files and folders your OS and text editor
create, run `pcwatch` with config/environment variables
`PLAYCANVAS_DRY_RUN` and `PLAYCANVAS_VERBOSE` set to `1`, and create/edit some files.

`pcwatch` output will show all file system events as they happen,
and which of them will be filtered out by your current 
`PLAYCANVAS_BAD_FILE_REG` and `PLAYCANVAS_BAD_FOLDER_REG`.

If in your case no bad files and folders exist, use a string like
`"matchNothing"` as the value of `PLAYCANVAS_BAD_FILE_REG` 
and/or `PLAYCANVAS_BAD_FOLDER_REG`.

# Troubleshooting

Problems are often caused by setting config variables incorrectly.
Execute your command with the config/environment variable `PLAYCANVAS_VERBOSE` set to `1`
to print the current values of all config variables and other useful data.

# Sample Workflows

## Case 1: Single user per PlayCanvas branch, with `git`

* Create your own PlayCanvas branch of your team's project
* Create a git branch for your work, and make it your local target directory
* Create a [`pcignore.txt`](#the-pcignoretxt-file) file, listing all files 
you intend to keep in git, create a PlayCanvas checkpoint that includes your `pcignore.txt`
* Launch `pcwatch`
* Start editing/creating files locally in your own text editor
* When necessary, merge in `git` the branch of another group member into your branch 
* Use `pcsync pushAll` to update your remote branch after git merge
* Merge the same branches in PlayCanvas
* Use `pcsync diffAll` to verify that local and remote files are still in sync

## Case 2: Multiple users working on the same PlayCanvas branch, with `git`
 
Most items from Case 1 apply, also:
 
* Periodically run `pcsync diffAll`. It is usually OK to see extra remote files 
(coming from other team members). If you notice that a remote file 
is different from your local file, consider a `git` merge to include your
team member's changes into your `git` branch, resolve conflicts in `git`, if any, as usual.
* Avoid `pcsync pull/pullAll`. To get others' files/changes into your branch, 
use `git` merge instead to maintain an accurate `git` history of edits to each file 
(who added what).
 
## Case 3: Single user per PlayCanvas branch, without `git`

* Run `pcsync pullAll` to download existing textual files 
from PlayCanvas
* Launch `pcwatch`
* Start editing/creating files locally in your own text editor

To merge changes from another PlayCanvas branch into your branch without `git`:

* Stop `pcwatch`
* Run `pcsync diffAll`, and, if necessary, `pcsync push/pushAll` to
make sure the PlayCanvas version is up-to-date.
* Perform merge in PlayCanvas
* Use `pcsync pullAll` to download the merge result

# Using TypeScript

## TypeScript Bindings

You can build TypeScript Bindings from the PlayCanvas engine repo (branch `stable`)
as mentioned in the [instructions here](https://github.com/playcanvas/engine):

```
npm run tsd
```

This will generate the file `build/output/playcanvas.d.ts` in your engine folder.

## TypeScript Workflow

TypeScript source files are usually compiled into a single JavaScript file, which is
then used in a PlayCanvas project.

This JavaScript file can be added to your [`pcignore.txt`](#the-pcignoretxt-file)
to prevent PlayCanvas merge from reporting conflicts in it.

If you are storing your TypeScript source files in git, there is no need
to include them in your PlayCanvas project.
 
# Setting up Visual Studio Code for local editing on Mac

Copy the file `playcanvas.d.ts` with [TypeScript bindings for the PlayCanvas engine](#typescript-bindings) to 
a folder called `typings` in your target directory.

Create a `jsconfig.json` file in your target directory with the following content:

```
{
    "compilerOptions": {
        "target": "ES5",
        "module": "commonjs",
        "files": [
            "typings/playcanvas.d.ts"
        ]
    }
}
```

Your folder structure should look like this:

![](src/readme-imgs/vscode-target-directory-file-structure.png)

Add `jsconfig.json` and `typings` to `PLAYCANVAS_BAD_FILE_REG` and `PLAYCANVAS_BAD_FOLDER_REG`, e.g.

```
"PLAYCANVAS_BAD_FILE_REG": "^\\.|~$|jsconfig.json",
"PLAYCANVAS_BAD_FOLDER_REG": "^\\.|typings"
```

Now you are ready to start using `pcsync` and `pcwatch` 
to sync your PlayCanvas project and edit with VS Code goodness 🚀

![](src/readme-imgs/vs-code-demo.gif)
